README.md, before:

![screenshot](https://ccd0.github.io/4chan-x/img/screenshot.png)
# 4chan X
4chan X is an unofficial script written by users of 4chan to add various features to the site.

It was previously developed by [aeosynth](https://github.com/aeosynth/4chan-x), [Mayhem](https://github.com/MayhemYDG/4chan-x), [ihavenoface](https://github.com/ihavenoface/4chan-x), [Zixaphir](https://github.com/zixaphir/appchan-x), [Seaweed](https://github.com/seaweedchan/4chan-x), and [Spittie](https://github.com/Spittie/4chan-x), with contributions from many others.

If you're looking for a maintained fork of OneeChan (a style script used in addition to 4chan X), try
https://github.com/Nebukazar/OneeChan.

## Please note
**Uninstalling**: 4chan X disables the native extension, so if you uninstall 4chan X, you'll need to re-enable it. To do this, click the `[Settings]` link in the top right corner, uncheck "`Disable the native extension`" in the panel that appears, and click the "`Save Settings`" button. If you don't see a "`Save Settings`" button, it may be being hidden by your ad blocker.

**Private browsing**: 4chan X does not yet support private browsing / incognito mode. Although it may work in this mode, browsing data recorded by 4chan X, such as your last read post in a thread and which posts are yours, will still need to be cleared manually by resetting your settings. To control what browsing data 4chan X records, use the `Remember Last Read Post` and `Remember Your Posts` options in the settings panel.

**HTTPS**: 4chan X currently shares your settings and post history between the HTTP and HTTPS versions of 4chan. If you are concerned about protecting your privacy against a man-in-the-middle attack, you should disable 4chan X on the HTTP version of 4chan and/or install [HTTPS Everywhere](https://www.eff.org/https-everywhere).

## Install

### Firefox
Install [Greasemonkey](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/greasemonkey/), then **[click here to install 4chan X](https://www.4chan-x.net/builds/4chan-X.user.js)**.

Ports of Greasemonkey are available for [SeaMonkey](https://sourceforge.net/projects/gmport/) and [Pale Moon](https://github.com/janekptacijarabaci/greasemonkey/releases/latest).

### Chromium
**Userscript**: Install Violentmonkey ([Opera store](https://addons.opera.com/en/extensions/details/violent-monkey/) / [Chrome store](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/violent-monkey/jinjaccalgkegednnccohejagnlnfdag)) or [Tampermonkey](https://tampermonkey.net/), then **[click here to install 4chan X](https://www.4chan-x.net/builds/4chan-X.user.js)**.

**Chrome extension**: 4chan X is also available as a standalone Chrome extension. The Chrome extension has the additional feature of being able to sync your settings and data with other devices via Chrome Sync. But there is an issue when the script updates: Whenever the Chrome extension is updated, until you hard refresh (F5) the tab, 4chan X is unable to save any data (such as posts marked as yours and settings changes). The userscript version above does not have this problem when 4chan X updates, only when Violentmonkey / Tampermonkey is updated. To install as a Chrome extension:

- **Chromium**, **Vivaldi**: **[Download 4chan X](https://www.4chan-x.net/builds/4chan-X.crx)**, then open `chrome://extensions` and drag the downloaded file onto the page. Alternatively, you can install 4chan X from the **[Chrome store](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/ohnjgmpcibpbafdlkimncjhflgedgpam)**.
- **Opera**: **[Click to install 4chan X](https://www.4chan-x.net/builds/4chan-X.crx)**, then follow the prompts to activate it in your extension manager.
- **Chrome**: Install 4chan X from the **[Chrome store](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/ohnjgmpcibpbafdlkimncjhflgedgpam)**.

Note: This version of 4chan X does not work with Opera 12. If you need Opera 12 support, try [loadletter's fork](https://github.com/loadletter/4chan-x) instead.

### Safari
Install [JS Blocker](http://jsblocker.toggleable.com/) or [Tampermonkey](http://tampermonkey.net/?browser=safari), then **[click here to install 4chan X](https://www.4chan-x.net/builds/4chan-X.user.js)**.

### WebKitGTK+
Several WebKitGTK+ based browsers have support for userscripts and can run 4chan X. Due to the lack of the cross-site GM_* API, and lack of support for userscripts in iframes, not all features will work. You may experience crashes when repeatedly solving the default image-based captchas. You can avoid this problem by enabling `Use Recaptcha v1` in your settings.

- **dwb**: Install the userscripts extension, then save the [script](https://www.4chan-x.net/builds/4chan-X.user.js) to the `$XDG_CONFIG_HOME/dwb/greasemonkey` or `$HOME/.config/dwb/greasemonkey` directory (creating it if necessary):

  ```
  dwbem -N -i userscripts
  wget -P ${XDG_CONFIG_HOME:-$HOME/.config}/dwb/greasemonkey https://www.4chan-x.net/builds/4chan-X.user.js
  ```

- **Midori**: Enable `User addons` in your preferences, under the Extensions tab. In the Privacy tab, check `Enable HTML5 local storage support`. Optionally, if you want 4chan X to be able to open new tabs when you start or reply to a thread, you will need to check `Allow scripts to open popups` under the Behavior tab. Then click the link to the [script](https://www.4chan-x.net/builds/4chan-X.user.js) to install it.

- **Luakit**: Navigate to the [script](https://www.4chan-x.net/builds/4chan-X.user.js), then type the command `:usi` to install it.

- **uzbl**: Install the script from https://github.com/singpolyma/singpolyma/blob/master/uzbl/data/scripts/userscript.sh, enable it in your config file, and then save [4chan X](https://www.4chan-x.net/builds/4chan-X.user.js) to `$XDG_DATA_HOME/uzbl/userscripts` (or `$HOME/.local/share/uzbl/userscripts`). The commands below assume you have run uzbl at least once to create its config file.

  ```
  wget -P "${XDG_DATA_HOME:-$HOME/.local/share}/uzbl/scripts" https://raw.githubusercontent.com/singpolyma/singpolyma/master/uzbl/data/scripts/userscript.sh
  chmod +x "${XDG_DATA_HOME:-$HOME/.local/share}/uzbl/scripts/userscript.sh"
  echo '@on_event LOAD_COMMIT spawn @scripts_dir/userscript.sh document-start' >> "${XDG_CONFIG_HOME:-$HOME/.config}/uzbl/config"
  echo '@on_event LOAD_FINISH spawn @scripts_dir/userscript.sh document-end'   >> "${XDG_CONFIG_HOME:-$HOME/.config}/uzbl/config"
  wget -P "${XDG_DATA_HOME:-$HOME/.local/share}/uzbl/userscripts" https://www.4chan-x.net/builds/4chan-X.user.js
  ```

### MS Edge
Install [Tampermonkey](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/store/p/tampermonkey/9nblggh5162s), then **[click here to install 4chan X](https://www.4chan-x.net/builds/4chan-X.user.js)**.

### Other browsers
4chan X can be used in some browsers that do not support userscripts using [a local proxy](https://github.com/ccd0/4chan-x-proxy). Not all features will work.

## Beta version
New features and non-urgent bugfixes are released on the beta channel for further testing before they are moved the stable version. Please [report](https://github.com/ccd0/4chan-x/issues?q=is%3Aopen+sort%3Aupdated-desc) any issues you find, and be sure to mention which version you're using. You should back up your settings regularly to prevent them from being lost due to bugs.

To install the **beta** version and get updates whenever there's a new **beta** version:
- [Install userscript](https://www.4chan-x.net/builds/4chan-X-beta.user.js) (use with Greasemonkey / Violentmonkey / Tampermonkey / JS Blocker / etc.)
- [Download Chrome extension](https://www.4chan-x.net/builds/4chan-X-beta.crx) (download and drag to `chrome://extensions`)

To install the current **beta** version but get updates from the **stable** channel (for example, if just you want a particular recent feature):
- [Install userscript](https://github.com/ccd0/4chan-x/raw/beta/builds/4chan-X.user.js)
- [Download Chrome extension](https://github.com/ccd0/4chan-x/raw/beta/builds/4chan-X.crx)

## Troubleshooting
If you encounter a bug, try the steps [here](https://github.com/ccd0/4chan-x/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md#reporting-bugs), then report it to the [issue tracker](https://github.com/ccd0/4chan-x/issues?q=is%3Aopen+sort%3Aupdated-desc). You can report bugs without a Github account via [this form](https://gitreports.com/issue/ccd0/4chan-x). If the bug seems to be caused by a script update, you can install a old version from the [changelog](https://github.com/ccd0/4chan-x/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md).

## More information
- [Changelog](https://github.com/ccd0/4chan-x/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md)
- [Frequently Asked Questions](https://github.com/ccd0/4chan-x/wiki/Frequently-Asked-Questions)
- [Report Bugs](https://gitreports.com/issue/ccd0/4chan-x)
- [Contributing](https://github.com/ccd0/4chan-x/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md)

Commit message:

README.md: Update on Firefox situation.

README.md, after:

![screenshot](https://ccd0.github.io/4chan-x/img/screenshot.png)
# 4chan X
4chan X is an unofficial script written by users of 4chan to add various features to the site.

It was previously developed by [aeosynth](https://github.com/aeosynth/4chan-x), [Mayhem](https://github.com/MayhemYDG/4chan-x), [ihavenoface](https://github.com/ihavenoface/4chan-x), [Zixaphir](https://github.com/zixaphir/appchan-x), [Seaweed](https://github.com/seaweedchan/4chan-x), and [Spittie](https://github.com/Spittie/4chan-x), with contributions from many others.

If you're looking for a maintained fork of OneeChan (a style script used in addition to 4chan X), try
https://github.com/Nebukazar/OneeChan.

## Please note
**Uninstalling**: 4chan X disables the native extension, so if you uninstall 4chan X, you'll need to re-enable it. To do this, click the `[Settings]` link in the top right corner, uncheck "`Disable the native extension`" in the panel that appears, and click the "`Save Settings`" button. If you don't see a "`Save Settings`" button, it may be being hidden by your ad blocker.

**Private browsing**: 4chan X does not yet support private browsing / incognito mode. Although it may work in this mode, browsing data recorded by 4chan X, such as your last read post in a thread and which posts are yours, will still need to be cleared manually by resetting your settings. To control what browsing data 4chan X records, use the `Remember Last Read Post` and `Remember Your Posts` options in the settings panel.

**HTTPS**: 4chan X currently shares your settings and post history between the HTTP and HTTPS versions of 4chan. If you are concerned about protecting your privacy against a man-in-the-middle attack, you should disable 4chan X on the HTTP version of 4chan and/or install [HTTPS Everywhere](https://www.eff.org/https-everywhere).

## Install

### Firefox
You will first need to install a userscript manager such as [Greasemonkey](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/greasemonkey/). Unfortunately, Firefox's transition to WebExtensions has forced a complete rewrite of Greasemonkey, leaving the current version of Greasemonkey unmaintained and unreliable. Until the WebExtensions version of Greasemonkey is complete, your options are:

- Use [Firefox ESR](https://www.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/organizations/), which should continue to work with the current version of [Greasemonkey](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/greasemonkey/) until a new one is ready.
- Install [Violentmonkey](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/violentmonkey/) or [Tampermonkey](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/tampermonkey/). These are already WebExtensions, but due to the current limitations of WebExtensions, they offer less functionality than Greasemonkey.
- Use [Greasemonkey](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/greasemonkey/) with the current version of Firefox, but don't be surprised when things break.

After Greasemonkey or an alternative userscript manager is installed, **[click here to install 4chan X](https://www.4chan-x.net/builds/4chan-X.user.js)**.

Ports of Greasemonkey are available for [SeaMonkey](https://sourceforge.net/projects/gmport/) and [Pale Moon](https://github.com/janekptacijarabaci/greasemonkey/releases/latest).

### Chromium
**Userscript**: Install Violentmonkey ([Opera store](https://addons.opera.com/en/extensions/details/violent-monkey/) / [Chrome store](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/violent-monkey/jinjaccalgkegednnccohejagnlnfdag)) or [Tampermonkey](https://tampermonkey.net/), then **[click here to install 4chan X](https://www.4chan-x.net/builds/4chan-X.user.js)**.

**Chrome extension**: 4chan X is also available as a standalone Chrome extension. The Chrome extension has the additional feature of being able to sync your settings and data with other devices via Chrome Sync. But there is an issue when the script updates: Whenever the Chrome extension is updated, until you hard refresh (F5) the tab, 4chan X is unable to save any data (such as posts marked as yours and settings changes). The userscript version above does not have this problem when 4chan X updates, only when Violentmonkey / Tampermonkey is updated. To install as a Chrome extension:

- **Chromium**, **Vivaldi**: **[Download 4chan X](https://www.4chan-x.net/builds/4chan-X.crx)**, then open `chrome://extensions` and drag the downloaded file onto the page. Alternatively, you can install 4chan X from the **[Chrome store](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/ohnjgmpcibpbafdlkimncjhflgedgpam)**.
- **Opera**: **[Click to install 4chan X](https://www.4chan-x.net/builds/4chan-X.crx)**, then follow the prompts to activate it in your extension manager.
- **Chrome**: Install 4chan X from the **[Chrome store](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/ohnjgmpcibpbafdlkimncjhflgedgpam)**.

Note: This version of 4chan X does not work with Opera 12. If you need Opera 12 support, try [loadletter's fork](https://github.com/loadletter/4chan-x) instead.

### Safari
Install [JS Blocker](http://jsblocker.toggleable.com/) or [Tampermonkey](http://tampermonkey.net/?browser=safari), then **[click here to install 4chan X](https://www.4chan-x.net/builds/4chan-X.user.js)**.

### WebKitGTK+
Several WebKitGTK+ based browsers have support for userscripts and can run 4chan X. Due to the lack of the cross-site GM_* API, and lack of support for userscripts in iframes, not all features will work. You may experience crashes when repeatedly solving the default image-based captchas. You can avoid this problem by enabling `Use Recaptcha v1` in your settings.

- **dwb**: Install the userscripts extension, then save the [script](https://www.4chan-x.net/builds/4chan-X.user.js) to the `$XDG_CONFIG_HOME/dwb/greasemonkey` or `$HOME/.config/dwb/greasemonkey` directory (creating it if necessary):

  ```
  dwbem -N -i userscripts
  wget -P ${XDG_CONFIG_HOME:-$HOME/.config}/dwb/greasemonkey https://www.4chan-x.net/builds/4chan-X.user.js
  ```

- **Midori**: Enable `User addons` in your preferences, under the Extensions tab. In the Privacy tab, check `Enable HTML5 local storage support`. Optionally, if you want 4chan X to be able to open new tabs when you start or reply to a thread, you will need to check `Allow scripts to open popups` under the Behavior tab. Then click the link to the [script](https://www.4chan-x.net/builds/4chan-X.user.js) to install it.

- **Luakit**: Navigate to the [script](https://www.4chan-x.net/builds/4chan-X.user.js), then type the command `:usi` to install it.

- **uzbl**: Install the script from https://github.com/singpolyma/singpolyma/blob/master/uzbl/data/scripts/userscript.sh, enable it in your config file, and then save [4chan X](https://www.4chan-x.net/builds/4chan-X.user.js) to `$XDG_DATA_HOME/uzbl/userscripts` (or `$HOME/.local/share/uzbl/userscripts`). The commands below assume you have run uzbl at least once to create its config file.

  ```
  wget -P "${XDG_DATA_HOME:-$HOME/.local/share}/uzbl/scripts" https://raw.githubusercontent.com/singpolyma/singpolyma/master/uzbl/data/scripts/userscript.sh
  chmod +x "${XDG_DATA_HOME:-$HOME/.local/share}/uzbl/scripts/userscript.sh"
  echo '@on_event LOAD_COMMIT spawn @scripts_dir/userscript.sh document-start' >> "${XDG_CONFIG_HOME:-$HOME/.config}/uzbl/config"
  echo '@on_event LOAD_FINISH spawn @scripts_dir/userscript.sh document-end'   >> "${XDG_CONFIG_HOME:-$HOME/.config}/uzbl/config"
  wget -P "${XDG_DATA_HOME:-$HOME/.local/share}/uzbl/userscripts" https://www.4chan-x.net/builds/4chan-X.user.js
  ```

### MS Edge
Install [Tampermonkey](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/store/p/tampermonkey/9nblggh5162s), then **[click here to install 4chan X](https://www.4chan-x.net/builds/4chan-X.user.js)**.

### Other browsers
4chan X can be used in some browsers that do not support userscripts using [a local proxy](https://github.com/ccd0/4chan-x-proxy). Not all features will work.

## Beta version
New features and non-urgent bugfixes are released on the beta channel for further testing before they are moved the stable version. Please [report](https://github.com/ccd0/4chan-x/issues?q=is%3Aopen+sort%3Aupdated-desc) any issues you find, and be sure to mention which version you're using. You should back up your settings regularly to prevent them from being lost due to bugs.

To install the **beta** version and get updates whenever there's a new **beta** version:
- [Install userscript](https://www.4chan-x.net/builds/4chan-X-beta.user.js) (use with Greasemonkey / Violentmonkey / Tampermonkey / JS Blocker / etc.)
- [Download Chrome extension](https://www.4chan-x.net/builds/4chan-X-beta.crx) (download and drag to `chrome://extensions`)

To install the current **beta** version but get updates from the **stable** channel (for example, if just you want a particular recent feature):
- [Install userscript](https://github.com/ccd0/4chan-x/raw/beta/builds/4chan-X.user.js)
- [Download Chrome extension](https://github.com/ccd0/4chan-x/raw/beta/builds/4chan-X.crx)

## Troubleshooting
If you encounter a bug, try the steps [here](https://github.com/ccd0/4chan-x/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md#reporting-bugs), then report it to the [issue tracker](https://github.com/ccd0/4chan-x/issues?q=is%3Aopen+sort%3Aupdated-desc). You can report bugs without a Github account via [this form](https://gitreports.com/issue/ccd0/4chan-x). If the bug seems to be caused by a script update, you can install a old version from the [changelog](https://github.com/ccd0/4chan-x/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md).

## More information
- [Changelog](https://github.com/ccd0/4chan-x/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md)
- [Frequently Asked Questions](https://github.com/ccd0/4chan-x/wiki/Frequently-Asked-Questions)
- [Report Bugs](https://gitreports.com/issue/ccd0/4chan-x)
- [Contributing](https://github.com/ccd0/4chan-x/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md)
